<h1 align="center">CS 554 Group Project The mutables</h1>

## Project Description

Student help desk will be an online ticket generating system which university
students will use to take IT support. There will be 3 main users: Students, Employees and Admin. Tickets will be generated by students if they are facing any problem related to their system. Admin will assign the employee to the generated ticket. There will be a severity with each ticket and the admin will assign the severity. Once the ticket is generated, the employee will provide the solution through comments. If the solution works then the students can mention that using the comments and the ticket will be closed by the employee. If it doesn’t work, students can provide additional information to the employee using the comments section. They can also upload pictures to explain the problem better. Closed tickets will move in the solved section of the admin portal. Admin can see all the previous and present tickets. Employees can only see the assigned tickets. Admins can assign multiple tickets to the employees. Employees can filter the tickets based on the severity level and can decide which issue to solve first. Students can talk to employees through a live chat feature.

## Credentials for login
1. admin
  a. email:- admin@email.com
     password:- 123456

2. staff
  a. email:- failury291@gmail.com
     password:- 123456
  b. email:- staffgabby@email.com
     password:- 234567

3. client
  a. email:- prime.yashpatole@gmail.com
     password:- 123456789
  b. email:- aparab6@stevens.edu
     password:- 123456

## Implemented Course Technologies

- [x] React
- [x] Firebase Authentication
- [x] Socket.io

## Implemented Additional technologies

- [x] Heroku
- [x] Firebase Cloud Storage
- [x] NodeMailer

## How to run the project


1. Navigate to the root directory of the project and run `npm install`
2. Navigate to the ticket_frontend of the project and run `npm install`
3. Navigate back to the root directory to start the application and use the command mentioned below
4. Use `npm run dev`  command for running the application

##Database
1. Firebase Database is pre populated with staff, client and employee as well as tickets

## Reference

[Minimal UI Kit](https://github.com/minimal-ui-kit/material-kit-react)

[MUI](https://mui.com)

[Google FireBase](https://firebase.google.com)

[Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com)

Hosted link: https://fast-beach-69440.herokuapp.com/
